README.md, before:

# Intro to Python

This is the Girl Develop It Intro to Python course. Material is loosely based on Think Python by Allen B. Downey and written by Caleb Smith. 

The course is meant to be taught in 4 two-hour sections. Each of the slides and practice files are customizable according to the needs of a given class or audience.



## Classes

### Class 1

Intro to programming in Python - First steps for programming using the Python shell.

What is programming? What is Python? We'll tackle these concepts and get started working in the Python shell

### Class 2

Structured programming - Functions, Loops, and conditionals

We'll be creating small programs in the text editor, implementing control flow and loading these programs into the shell.

### Class 3

Python data structures and other essential built-ins

Lists, dictionaries and other built-in containers give the Python programmer tremendous power. We'll use these combined with other Python built-ins to process text files for information.

### Class 4

Higher level abstractions using object oriented and functional programming

What is Functional Programming and how can it help make programming easier?

We'll also get started on some projects that you can do with your new Python skills.

Commit message:

Makes changes for gdi-dayton including changing some of the internal ordering and adding aside notes with the duration and slide nubmer to each slide. Still needs some work re-adding scope and comments

README.md, after:

# Intro to Python

This is the Girl Develop It Dayton Intro to Python course derived from the GDI-NYC Intro to Python course with minimal changes. Material is loosely based on Think Python by Allen B. Downey and written by Caleb Smith. 

The course is meant to be taught in 4 two-hour sessions. Each of the slides and practice files are customizable according to the needs of a given class or audience.



## Classes

### Class 1

Intro to programming in Python - First steps for programming using the Python shell.

What is programming? What is Python? We'll tackle these concepts and get started working in the Python shell

### Class 2

Structured programming - Functions, Loops, and conditionals

We'll be creating small programs in the text editor, implementing control flow and loading these programs into the shell.

### Class 3

Python data structures and other essential built-ins

Lists, dictionaries and other built-in containers give the Python programmer tremendous power. We'll use these combined with other Python built-ins to process text files for information.

### Class 4

Higher level abstractions using object oriented and functional programming

What is Functional Programming and how can it help make programming easier?

We'll also get started on some projects that you can do with your new Python skills.
